so today I'll be doing a quick unboxing
of Anna soos Tripoli netbook I actually
have been doing videos on a soos netbook
since the very first one but this is a
far more modern model so why don't we
have a quick look at the specs before we
open this thing up first of all this is
a brown box it's pretty plain looking
they've got their EPC slogan easy to
learn work and play so that was what the
e was all about easy easy easy
ok and then over on the side here you
can see this is the 1001 P model so that
means that it has kind of a carbon fiber
finish because we do have the black one
and it also has an 11 hour battery for
us uses all-day computing brands okay so
I've got a seal here and I've had a few
people complain that I always come
unprepared with no knife so today I have
my knife ready in advance so I'm just
gonna open this up there we go you happy
there big box is open maybe we should
just kind of pry this stuff out of here
and yeah there we go ok so this is what
a knight can do for you folks and you
can unbox things all day yes ok so the
first thing we find inside is the assist
triple EPC warranty cart which basically
is going to tell us I'm assuming about
the warranty so you want to fill in your
in information form warranty conditions
so 12 months means 12 months and 24
means 24 months ok that's good useful
information thank you a soos all right
inside you will find some more
accessories the first thing we will find
is a battery so this is an 11 hour
battery so that means it's probably a 6
tumbler Neitzel right I actually don't
know how many cells it is and I'm not
gonna try and guess so it is a 10.8 volt
battery and it is rated for 4400
milliamp hours ok the next thing we find
is a battery notice so please notice
about this battery something which we
will find out
please notice that do not dispose of in
fire okay never attempt short-circuiting
never attempt to disassemble and
assemble do not continue usage if
leakage is found and must be recycled or
disposed of properly okay I'm glad we
noticed all of that next we will have
the AC adapter which comes with a handy
little cable management thingy here and
then we have the power cord that plugs
into the other end of the AC adapter
with also a convenient power management
cable management and either power
management stupid okay so then you can
use that tie it up here should you so
desire and then your cats wouldn't you
don't eat it hopefully I've actually
already lost a pair of Sennheiser HD 350
or PC 350 headphones or headset to my
new cats very sad so suppose to show you
cats are good but they also destroy
things next we have the user's manual a
soos is devoted to creating
environmentally friendly products and
packages yeah actually this is something
that I've pointed out on a couple of
Sue's products I've unboxed you see it's
all plain cardboard internals protecting
there's no there's no styrofoam for the
most part which is really good because
styrofoam it never breaks down as far as
we know okay top side transportation
precautions charging your batteries so
this gives you some basics of how to use
your new Tripoli PC and then this is a
lot of really small print okay why don't
we have a look at the actual notebook
itself I'm gonna go ahead and plug in
the battery as part of the whole
introduction that's nice so there is the
carbon fiber esque finish that I was
talking about before a cameraman are you
getting a good angle on this so that you
can kind of see the way it the way it
changes how it looks depending which
angle you're looking at it from which is
really nice so they've got a nice silver
Asus logo recessed into the top here
that looks really really sharp so when
you're using this thing you'll look like
you can go faster because your notebook
is is lighter weight
and the other guys it's got a
carbon-fiber hood yeah okay so then why
don't we have a look at the bottom of
the notebook next so that's where the
battery is gonna plug in you can see the
battery is actually quite a large amount
of the internal space of a network just
because it's all about that long
computing experience so in order to make
a little bit more room for the battery
asus has put slightly larger rubber pads
on the back of it so that it's a little
bit lean towards you when you're using
it which makes for typing to be a little
bit more comfortable as well so that's a
really nice design touch right there
keyboard itself why don't you have a
look at that this is one of the better
netbook keyboards I have seen you can
see there's almost no flex to it when I
put pressure on it and the keys actually
depress quite far so you get good
tactile feedback from these keys I mean
one of the biggest problems with a
netbook is that it's hard to tell if
you're even hitting the key the right
key sometimes they've also done nothing
stupid as far as the keyboard layout
goes because with a netbook you do have
some design limitations so if you want
to work in multilingual support or
anything like that you start having to
do weird things like cut the shift key
short or cut the backspace key short but
you can see that we have two full-size
shift keys a full-sized Enter key and a
full-size backspace key that is so
critical for this kind of a machine okay
why don't we have let me take off all
the plastic key bits here so we've got a
nice glossy black bezel around the
screen and then typical Asus high
quality screen is what I would expect to
find but obviously it's not on yet why
don't we talk about the specs I haven't
even I haven't even touched on the specs
of this particular netbook at all at
this time so I'm just gonna read off
here so it uses the atom and 450 so
that's the latest Atom processor and the
reason that it's more power savings is
actually nothing to do with the
processor itself I mean a little tiny
bit but the original atom was also very
efficient it comes down to the chipset
that controls the Atom processor being
much much more efficient with this
latest generation it's got 1 gig of ram
one gig one gig of ram a 160 gig drive
10.1 inch screen it has a web
and it comes with Windows 7 starter so
you can see the little Windows 7 starter
actually it looks like a soos also knows
that this is one of the best keyboards
they've produced for a netbook it talks
about it right there ergonomic keyboard
unsurpassed comfort and I think they'd
really hit the nail on the head with
that one
so why don't we have a look at all of
the connectivity I'm expecting it to be
exactly the same as every other netbook
on the market so first we have Gigabit
Ethernet two USB ports microphone
headphones and a SD card reader then
around the front we have nothing except
some air flow events around the other
side we will find yes exactly what I was
expecting one more USB port Kensington
lock VGA out and then power in we've
also got a little ventilation hole here
although the fan on this thing is very
very very quiet that's not gonna bother
you even in a in a very quiet setting it
looks like it's gonna take a little
while to get booted up here so I think
that pretty much covers everything that
we can say about this this Tripoli I
don't know one more thing it has a
reasonable sized touchpad thank you this
is one of my biggest complaints about
most of the early generation netbooks is
that the touch pads were either not big
enough or not the same shape as the
screen so it's got a proper widescreen
touchpad with a nice glossy chromed
two-button Mouse right there so that
pretty much covers it thank you for
checking out my unboxing of the 1001 P
from a soos